Update tidb-roadmap.md since last LTS (#13615)
pingcap/docs: tidb-roadmap.md

      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <b>Performance optimization framework for all applicable background tasks, like DDL, TTL, and cluster analysis</b><br />
            <i>This distributes the workload of these operations throughout the cluster, resulting in accelerated performance and reduced resource utilization on individual nodes. This framework already applies to the <code>ADD INDEX</code> operation</i>
          </li>
          <br />
          <li>
            <b>GA of disaggregated storage and compute architecture and S3 shared storage in TiFlash</b><br />

>             <i>Enables more cost-effective and elastic HTAP</i>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <i>Enable more cost-effective and elastic HTAP</i>
```

      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <b>Resource control for background tasks</b><br />
            <i>

>               Control over how background tasks, such as imports, DDL, TTL, auto-analyze, and compactions, can affect foreground traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              Control over how background tasks, such as imports, DDL, TTL, auto-analyze, and compactions, can affect foreground traffic
```

      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <b>Resource control for background tasks</b><br />
            <i>

>               Control over how background tasks can affect foreground traffic. These tasks could be imports, DDL, TTL, auto-analyze, compactions, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              Control over how background tasks, such as imports, DDL, TTL, auto-analyze, and compactions, can affect foreground traffic.
```

      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <b>MySQL 8.0 compatibility</b>
          </li>
          <br />
                    <li>
            <b>Unified SQL interface for import, Backup & Restore, and PITR</b>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <b>Cascades framework for optimizer</b>

>             <br /><i>Improved framework for query optimization, and makes the optimizer more extensible and future-proof</i>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <br /><i>Improved framework for query optimization, and make the optimizer more extensible and future-proof</i>
```

      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <b>MySQL 8.0 compatibility</b>
          </li>
          <br />
                    <li>

>             <b>Unified SQL interface for import, backup/restore, and PiTR</b>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <b>Unified SQL interface for import, Backup & Restore, and PITR</b>
```

          <li>
            <b>Distributed TiCDC single table replication</b>
            <br /><i>
              Dramatically improve TiDB-TiDB replication throughput
            </i>
          </li>
          <br />
          <li>
            <b
              >Automatic pause/resume DDL during upgrade</b
            >
            <br /><i>Ensure a smooth upgrade experience</i>
          </li>
          <br />
          <li>
            <b>TiCDC native integrations with big data systems</b>
            <br /><i

>               >Snowflake, Iceburg, etc.</i

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              >Such as Snowflake and Iceburg</i
```

These are non-exhaustive plans and are subject to change. Features might differ per service subscriptions.

## Previously delivered roadmap items

You might have been waiting on some items from the last version. The following lists some previously delivered features. For more details, refer to the [v7.1.0 release notes](/releases/release-7.1.0.md).

- Foundation of multi-tenancy framework: resource control quotas and scheduling for resource groups
- TiCDC supports object storage sink, including Amazon S3 and Azure Blob Storage (GA)
- Fastest online `ADD INDEX` (GA)
- TiFlash late materialization (GA)
- TiFlash supports spill to disk (GA)

> - SQL-based data import (GA)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
